README.md, before:

# Polymarket UMA CTF Adapter

![Github Actions](https://github.com/Polymarket/uma-conditional-tokens-adapter/workflows/Tests/badge.svg)
![Github Actions](https://github.com/Polymarket/uma-conditional-tokens-adapter/workflows/Lint/badge.svg)
[![Coverage](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/Polymarket/uma-conditional-tokens-adapter/badge.svg?branch=main)](https://coveralls.io/github/Polymarket/uma-conditional-tokens-adapter?branch=main)

## Overview

This repository contains contracts used to resolve [Polymarket](https://polymarket.com/) prediction markets via UMA's [optimistic oracle](https://docs.umaproject.org/oracle/optimistic-oracle-interface).

### [Architecture](./docs/Architecture.md)
![Contract Architecture](./docs/adapter.png)


### Deployments

See [current deployments](./deploys.md)


### Dependencies

Install dependencies with `yarn install`


### Compile


Compile the contracts with `yarn compile`

### Testing


Test the contracts with `yarn test`

### Coverage


Generate coverage reports with `yarn coverage`

Commit message:

fix: rename files, rewrite readme and docs * Rename UmaConditionalTokensBinaryAdapter.sol => UmaCtfAdapter.sol, matching the contract * Rewrite readme * minor test changes

README.md, after:

# Polymarket UMA CTF Adapter

![Github Actions](https://github.com/Polymarket/uma-conditional-tokens-adapter/workflows/Tests/badge.svg)
![Github Actions](https://github.com/Polymarket/uma-conditional-tokens-adapter/workflows/Lint/badge.svg)
[![Coverage](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/Polymarket/uma-conditional-tokens-adapter/badge.svg?branch=main)](https://coveralls.io/github/Polymarket/uma-conditional-tokens-adapter?branch=main)

## Overview

This repository contains contracts used to resolve [Polymarket](https://polymarket.com/) prediction markets via UMA's [optimistic oracle](https://docs.umaproject.org/oracle/optimistic-oracle-interface).

### Architecture
![Contract Architecture](./docs/adapter.png)

The Adapter is an [oracle](https://github.com/gnosis/conditional-tokens-contracts/blob/master/contracts/ConditionalTokens.sol#L65) to [CTF](https://docs.gnosis.io/conditionaltokens/) conditions, which Polymarket prediction markets are based on.

It fetches resolution data from UMA's Optmistic Oracle and resolves the condition based on said resolution data.

When a new market is deployed, it is `initialized`, meaning:
1) The market's parameters(request timestamp, reward, etc) are stored onchain
2) The market is `prepared` on the CTF contract
3) A resolution data request is sent out to the Optimistic Oracle

UMA Proposers will then respond to the request and fetch resolution data offchain. If the resolution data is not disputed, the data will be available to the Adapter after a defined liveness period(currently about 2 hours). If the proposal is disputed, UMA's [DVM](https://docs.umaproject.org/getting-started/oracle#umas-data-verification-mechanism) is the fallback and will return data after a 48 - 72 hour period.

After resolution data is available, anyone can call `resolve` which resolves the market using the resolution data.


### Deployments

See [current deployments](./deploys.md)


### Dependencies

Install dependencies with `yarn install`

### Compile

Compile the contracts with `yarn compile`

### Testing

Test the contracts with `yarn test`

### Coverage

Generate coverage reports with `yarn coverage`
